README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

Initial commitment of Deep Link Generator with custom UI and redirect logic

README.md, after:

# Amazon Deep Link Generator

A personal tool to generate "deep links" for Amazon products. These links, when clicked on mobile devices (via generic social media browsers), attempt to open the Amazon App directly, preserving your affiliate tag.

## How it works

1. **Paste**: Enter your Amazon Affiliate link (full link).
2. **Generate**: The app extracts the ASIN and your Tag.
3. **Share**: Copy the generated link (e.g., `your-site.com/go?asin=...`) and paste it on Instagram/TikTok/etc.
4. **Click**: When users click, they are redirected to the Amazon App.

## Deployment

To use this on social media, **you must deploy this application to a public HTTPS domain**.

### Deploy on Vercel (Recommended)

1. Push this code to a GitHub repository.
2. Go to [Vercel](https://vercel.com) and import the repository.
3. Deploy.
4. Your deep links will look like: `https://your-project.vercel.app/go?asin=...`

## Technologies

- **Next.js 15 (App Router)**
- **Tailwind-like Styling** (Custom CSS variables & Glassmorphism)
- **TypeScript**

## Customization

- Edit `src/app/globals.css` to change the color scheme.
- Edit `src/app/go/page.tsx` to tweak the redirection logic (timeout durations, fallback behaviors).
